
# Diqing Worklog

[[_TOC_]]

# 2025-02-12 - Discussion with TA

We went over the Project proposal draft with our TA Michael and it looks like all the Subsystem Overviews would have to be more detailed, in addition to some verification in the plausibility of our High Level Requirements.

# 2021-02-13 - Project Proposal updated

The team is currently working on finishing up the project proposal in overleaf for the submission tomorrow.
TO DO: I don't have edit access to the overleaf shared doc so will have to make sure that relavant changes in shared doc gets updated in overleaf.
